An initial draft of updating recomendations (#4491)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CONTRIBUTING.md

are important for software that runs autonomously and continuously without direct
interaction with a human (such as this Collector).

### Recommended Libraries / Defaults

In order to simplifiy developing within the project, library recommendations have been set

> and should be followed.

Reviewer: Add also something like, "There are places in the codebase that are still not following this, but new code should strive to align with the recommendations."

Author: 👍🏽  ,

Yeah, I agree with that.

Scenario | Recomended                                   | Rationale 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Hashing  | ["hashing/fnv"](https://pkg.go.dev/hash/fnv) | The project adopted this as the default hashing method due to the efficency and is reasonable for non cryptographic use

Reviewer 2: Why is this not in the Library Recommendations section? Is this somehow special?

Author: The added recommended lib sections that I had added was specific to testing but I am happy to shift it into one spot if it makes more sense :)

goal to increase coverage over time. Keep track of execution time for your unit
tests and try to keep them as short as possible.

#### Library Recommendations 

> To keep testing practices consistent across the project, it is advised to use this libraries under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep testing practices consistent across the project, it is advised to use these libraries under
```

these circumstances:

> - For assertions to validate expecations, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/assert"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For assertions to validate expectations, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/assert"`
```

- For assertions that are required to continue the test, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/require"`
- For mocking external resources, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/mock"`
- For validating HTTP traffic interactions, `"net/http/httptest"`

> - For generating test data, use `???`

Author: I have a feeling that there is or should be a library to do this as part of some testing framework.

### Integration Testing

> Integration testing is encourage throughout the project, docker images can be used in order to facility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration testing is encouraged throughout the project, container images can be used in order to facilitate
```

Not sure I get the part about the container images.

Author: I think this relates more to the contrib collector where in exporter's test (and potentially receivers), containers of the offical thing has been started up in their test and controlled by it. (I feel like I have seen this, also high potential I had dreamt it).

> a local version. The recommend library to control docker images throughout testing is `???`.

Author: I believe I have seem packages use a docker controller to manage which would be good for integration tests.

In the absence of locally running version, mocking should be used to assert expectations.

### Using CGO

> Using CGO should be avoided due to the lack of portability and complexity 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using CGO is prohibited due to the lack of portability and complexity 
```

Reviewer 2: As far as I know we don't allow CGO at all currently. Not sure if there is a need to carve out exceptions. If the component is never going to be included in the build here it is best to make it clear upfront.

Author: Is that only true for the collector? or does that include the contrib?

Reviewer 3: We use cgo optionally on the hostmetricsreceiver macOS implementation (see [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver#notes)), I think that is the only place we use it today

Author: Alright, sounds good to me :)

these circumstances:

- For assertions to validate expectations, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/assert"`
- For assertions that are required to continue the test, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/require"`
- For mocking external resources, use `"github.com/stretchr/testify/mock"`
- For validating HTTP traffic interactions, `"net/http/httptest"`

### Integration Testing

Integration testing is encouraged throughout the project, container images can be used in order to facilitate
a local version. In their absence, it is strongly advised to mock the integration.

### Using CGO

Using CGO is prohibited due to the lack of portability and complexity 
that comes with managing external libaries with different operating systems and configurations.
However, if the package MUST use CGO, this should be explicitly called out within the readme
with clear instructions on how to install the required libraries.
Furthermore, if your package requires CGO, it MUST be able to compile and operate in a no op mode
or report a warning back to the collector with a clear error saying CGO is required to work.

### Configuration Naming

> In order to keep configuration settings consistent across the project and their intenet,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to keep configuration settings consistent across the project and their intent,
```

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to have been fixed.

a package must use the following naming for their purpose:

| Name               | Purpose                                                              | Example                                                     |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ExportTimeout      | Used to set the allowed during of an export operation                | Setting the allowed time a single export operation can take |

Reviewer: This seems to be in response to #4497, which was discussed yesterday during the SIG meeting. Let's wait for the resolution before merging this.

Author: Yes, sorry I was meant to ping you on it but it had slipped my mind.

Reviewer: In order to clear this PR for merging, would you please remove this, or add a link to the discussion? This doesn't seem to be settled yet.

Author: Done :)
